----
Engineer background told in main.

MArkus crafts high quality netowrk of relays. Nikilo says sofia is impressed and want to meet. When she's here he explains network. She says I m leaving on Sunday you need to join me. And so they do
Celes needs to explain magic and does an impressive demoMaybe  sort of mogs underground nad apoologises to the poeple who got the stone stolen and says something prophetic.

Gives it to Nikolo and invited to study in Akotis. Meets sofia and a violent guy who will pressure underground peeps to give stone. In the cavern she shows she can use fire magic. 

“
ただのスーツだけど。
上の階で見つけたの。”

Pan's arrow in the volcano has created mythril. Mythril comes from volcano and they have a lot thanks to Pan. Grey pixel art statue of him



Dialogue RPG story telling 90% paratext 4 meet underground people. Come back and talk about acred stone. 5 fist part in town then they go back for celebration / ceremony Go find leo but no one is here. Bottom of the hill reminds some memory Eeven mushrooms are at the party 

I have the book you asked sofia ''element of runecraft
She'd really like to meet with you

I have new runes. The new technique allows a range twice as large : 400m !

Go back to town and try new runestones and discovers they are more powerfull
Think about what we could do

Go back to the cavern for a celebration. 
End by sendig cles receiving message


The daughter is from an underground person
They give him gems that he sells
He needs access to the plateau


### Markus ascents

1 Markus sends message to celes. She gets angry
2 he goes to market and talks to nikolo
3 show case the relay tak about how he improved signal and what's left to do
4 gets friend with Sofia
5 another one
3 goes to celes and she gets angry 
4 she throws braelet in river
5 he goes to lake what didI do ?
6 think about the offer
6 messages from nikolo
7 he leaves his house with all his stuff
8 he joins Sofia and finds comfort
9 they start their journey maybe he says he's not afraid, he can fight, a former friend taught me.
10 Map woth Akotis where new adventures will start

11 meet butters who's impressed because of arkus' strength and because he has powerful reunes. He lives in Jewel village and goes to Akotis as well
LAst scene. when they left for Akotis no one knew these 4 ambitious people would become the 4 rules.


Maybe scene underground with Celes. Maybe she uses powers.
Maybe scene life goes on.


1 comes home
2 gets messages from Akotis knights
3 Let's get to work
4 Markus sends message to celes. She gets angry

5 goes to celes and she gets angry 
6 she throws braelet in river

7 he goes to lake what didI do ? On the way back where they split ?
8 Message from Nikolo
9 meeets Sofia
10 Meets sofia 2 - tells him that they live in 5 days. He can joins if he wants. They can get in the inn ?
11 think about the offer (friendship vs tech) I can scale friendhsip in the future he thinks rune can be a replacement fro Celestina's lost friendship At the Lake ?
12 he leaves his house with all his stuff Skip ?

13 he joins Sofia and finds comfort
14 they start their journey maybe he says he's not afraid, he can fight, a former friend taught me.
15 meet butters who's impressed because of arkus' strength and because he has powerful reunes. He lives in Jewel village and goes to Akotis as well
LAst scene. when they left for Akotis no one knew these 4 ambitious people would become the 4 rules.
16 meet butters
17 meet butters 3 
18 0 Map woth Akotis where new adventures will start