Maybe prologue

About Akotis and it uni : the 6 wise are unite to asses the future tyran

1 markus is by the water.
at the end sofia calls him

2 He oins sofia
It s a big day I m glad you're here.

3 
Pass cross bridge

Everyone wants to hear about the research of the talented Markus. What you;ve achieved is so exciting.
I've been lucky you know. I happened to find an interesting idea.

But you worked so hard. Did I ? I was just having fun !


4
Markus goes onto the scene and start the demo.
All the important people are here.
You know how pbulic communication and diffusion of rune device has been the source of spam.
I have created devices with IDs such that only one person can receive the message. Here 's one of these sir'

5
MArkus typed and sends the message.
Wow amazing.
That would mean everyone could send private messages ! Amazing
Wait. Device IDs. I imagine messages would pass through relays. Don't yuo think there could be an issue here ? 

6
But sir, who whould abuse it ? We're the university and surely we won't do that.
yes silly old man. Thank yuo MArkus


7 Makus leaves the room and Rich asks him a question liek a fan boy
They decide to go meet Nikolo
Maybe two pages

8 Sofia talks on the bridge to MArkus ? They need a lot of things to talk about !


8
They go through the market and they buy some drinks (carrot)
And Markus buys something ? a book ?
Maybe two pages ?

9
Runes are terrible !
Sine rune are now mainstream, some people have started blaming everything on them.
Oh I see
Ok old man just leave please
BUt as you see they're not really dangerous.
(next time picture shared and cancelled)
Maybe have someone to follow or some one who gives advice on which way to go.

10 other page about the above

11 they walk and chat

12
Two bandits appear from nowhere. It's a trap.
Give us your rune device.
We'll make a lot of money from them.
These guys are bothering Nikolo

13
An armoured solider shows up
Don't waste your time with them, I'll take care of them. 
Batz !
Congrats for the demo


14 In front of Nikolo's house Batz catches up

15 inside 
They explain they ve been attacked an Nikol osays it happens often

16 he talks about the runes with groups

17 carrot juice


18 say good by in front of MArkus' house
Let's go rune hunting


####
Need to show that IDs have increased productivity
That Markus is liked
That the university leads the knights.






