###

1 Front of building
Introduce woman teacher 

2 talk to Rich 1 
about the engraving
Says I have not told the teacher


4 talk to Rich 3
offer to come

5 Front of  the house
Rich can not come

6 Leave city ?
I'm excited to go to the cave I read that ...

Oh so you don't know ?
That;s what happens when you spend 3 years in the workshop !
###
17 Tower

18 Alexander

19 Bahamut
###

Arrive at crossing
Her we are, let's find Batz and we'll continue next tehre's still a long way 

7 Training camp 1 
Rich is performing

8 Training camp 2

That was a good one wasn't it but i have ot go

9
Crossing again


10 Enter Forest 
I know a shortcut

11 Walk into the forest ?


12 In forest : meet fairy

13 In forest : question 

14 In forest : reward

15 cross the bridge
That was a strange encounter we're close

Flowers ? 



16 bottom of hill 
We come here with my friend the view over the plains is amazing

On the hill 
You did not really believe me did you

20 watch the hole
Wow so that's it.

21 last screen : rest at the top
Let's take some rest. We'll leave after lunch 
Make some joke




Sprites 8 9 and 24
#105610

They decide to go to war




At the beginning they tlk about the tooth of Zolom

We fought and injured one of them.

So they went to Alexander

Alexander says : you're making a mistake human. We're not your ennemies.
Die ! 

After they filled him. 
His friend Bahamut decids to avenge him

An esper !

You will pay for what you're done human 

No !
Run away !

And with a great ball of cold fire he totally destroyed the city.

OMG it's the first time I here about that !

That's what happens when you spend your time in the workshop.

Follow me Batz is down here.

The main road is what miners used to use but there is a shortcut by the forest. 
The river is too dangerous and that's why it was not used.


They kill him : I curse you

Bahamut shows up in onepicture

and hits hard in the next

Since then the tree have turned blue (show before they enter and fight in the middle the trees are green and then blue)


Same room talk via devices


Fairy (maybe an evil one, a bit like an evil Gandalf). Rena ??? she was stuck.
She asks a question
They answeer and gte item +10 strenght
Sofia gets potino and they are non plussed

But hten in  the cave they fight and she uses potion on their weapons to kill skeletons
They a re a good team and she shows she knows gher stuff.

When they left the house she said. Thanks for the book I already read it.



Sofia loves learning
maybe she solves a puzzle in the forest. 

She's fascinated by the olf lift
she will develop math and SQL
Maybe she's read MArku's book

The mushrooms in the cave feel like things are strating again.






213 Nikolos

Need to show that IDs have increased productivity
That Markus is liked
That the university leads the knights.



10 corridor or shared kittchen

Markus reads book in his room. He#ll talk about it in the shared kitchen an other day.s

The relay is in the middle of the town. Maybe at the top of a pole.


They decide to go visit the first mine and might find an other wonder. The mine where the first rune stones were found. Will batz be with them ? 
He makes an other relay that tracks with this stone without telling others.

when he comes back he wants to tell it but he s told he might be expelled. that's when he decides to take power using the new relay.


They meet Batz on the way at teh camp ?

go downstairs and explore runecrafting rooom + sewers.
and crafts some runes and scolded 


08 rich maybe does not say anything but now that he knows who Markus' is he helps him in part 2.

09 rich

un bandit capture a vendu la meche sur les groupes.
L univ a envoye des nights pour proteger.



Chapter 2

MArkus made the rune network possible. 

Chapter 2 Markus visits Rich and offers to come but Rich can't.
Markus Sofia and Batz walk to the first mine.
On the way they talk/show how batz is storng now.
Once in the mine Markus talk about the construction of Akotis and the espers.
At the end they find a few gems that Markus takes. They will be used for photos.
During the competition these stones will be used.
They swear to maek the world change the 3 of them.

Knights of Akotis catch robbers.

They have to search for a mine tto find more gems and tbey find one in the mountain.
That's where the two knights of the council disappear and Jinedine story starts.

In th councile
2 knights
one woman (researcher teacher) who is pro markus.
1 old man who is philosophical
1 very into ethics.
One into politics but betting on the wrong horse.


The hub sends messages t a specific rune ID ?

1 In front of construction building
Markus says hell o I m here to see Rich to a teacher

2 With Rich

3 With Rich offrrs him to come. He refuses because of some random reason Or maybe he agres but texts later that he cant

Maybe we see them in their shared kitchen ?

And they decide to go to the mine ? 

4 Meet Sofia and Batz at the house
where they both live

5 On the way chat 

Did you about the story of Akotis ?

Yes the city was built and during that time rune stones were found and the univesity was founded. 


Yes but before that ?

Ettoo

Akotis was founded by the survivor of the destruciton of XXX
King Midas and his heroes were so confident in their strength that they rode to the west to defeat the Espers.
And they did. They killed Alexandre but soon after they disappeared.
No one knows what's happened to them.

in revenge Bahamut the dragon destroyed the old city of XXX. Few people survived. Among them YYY who lead the people to the East where they built Akotis, the name of his
deceased wife.

And then the espers went into hybernation. That event was the last one of the grea Magic war.


From the mountain we can see the great hole where XXX was.  

Batz we sometimes go at the end of the terres sauvages. To practice our fighting skills against wild beast. 
It's very dangerous. Only the fools go in there with the hope of finding the old treasure of XXX.


5 Forest entrance 

5.5 in the forest ??? 


6 flower field

7 Walk the road

8 Get to the top

9 view through lens (comment about lens ?)
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/spyglass_475466 


10  Out of the mine

11  Mine entrance

12 Mine entrance

13 top ladder

14 climbing down ladder 

15 get on train

16 on the lake

17 get off train

18 hunting

19 ah yellow glowing monsters

20 Gems






Chap 5 
The


Goes to visit the mine



Chapter 3

Competition. Rich wins the prize
The old ones open  room with exotic stones


Chapter 4 Markus gets in trouble and has to hide his tools
and decides to spy Maybe he claims the stuff needs maintenance / upgrade

Chapter 5 / 6 > Markus takes power (rich is kicked away in part 3)



### Bear in mind

In what order are technologies developped ?
Espers must have a place
Nikolo hires Batz' friends
What about Sofia ? 
The world is changing | connected | make world better place
Explain a bit how Akotis was born ? Maybe he talks about it in the mine.
Maybe in the mine they don't find anything, they only reflect ? and make a pact ?
They think about how the city was created how rune were discovered and how things are changing 


Markus does not want to share knowledge so expelled from uni. It has to be highlighted
####



Chapter 3 
Try to play it the right way but half the professors do not agree
but it does not work 
so start placing spyuing device That he cratsf secretly

Chapter 4 
Catches private info 
Maybe gets to travel out of town.
Where they found some rune stones in the mountain
And he meets worm again 

MAke them meet someone like a woman selling flowers


Chapter 5 

Chapter 6 takes power


then they try to increase trade and get scolded. That's when he starts spying to get the eldest to give him power.

In part 3 make the tower grow higher

Trees behind are to remember the dead peops

Markus ascent > he ends at the top floor of the university in part 2 


Markus has developped a way to create groups and Nikolo has sold rune stones in a town not too far that allow that and people love them.
He does not want to share how to do it. He becomes rich because of that. University wants knowledge to be shared. He has then to take the power of the university.


CElestina thinks someone needs to stop him and hears a voice : I will. IT's worm.

Don't forget that people have to sell runes to the sailor.

####
Need to show that IDs have increased productivity
That Markus is liked
That the university leads the knights.


What you did was wrong.
But I did it for the greater good 